com/muhammadali/example/BuildConfig.java
 com.muhammadali.example.BuildConfig
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/google/ar/sceneform/rendering/R.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.rendering.R
 com.google.ar.sceneform.rendering.R$drawable
 com.google.ar.sceneform.rendering.R$id
 com.google.ar.sceneform.rendering.R$layout
 com.google.ar.sceneform.rendering.R$raw
 com.google.ar.sceneform.rendering.R$string
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
com/difrancescogianmarco/arcore_flutter_plugin/R.java
 com.difrancescogianmarco.arcore_flutter_plugin.R
 com.difrancescogianmarco.arcore_flutter_plugin.R$anim
 com.difrancescogianmarco.arcore_flutter_plugin.R$attr
 com.difrancescogianmarco.arcore_flutter_plugin.R$bool
 com.difrancescogianmarco.arcore_flutter_plugin.R$color
 com.difrancescogianmarco.arcore_flutter_plugin.R$dimen
 com.difrancescogianmarco.arcore_flutter_plugin.R$drawable
 com.difrancescogianmarco.arcore_flutter_plugin.R$id
 com.difrancescogianmarco.arcore_flutter_plugin.R$integer
 com.difrancescogianmarco.arcore_flutter_plugin.R$interpolator
 com.difrancescogianmarco.arcore_flutter_plugin.R$layout
 com.difrancescogianmarco.arcore_flutter_plugin.R$raw
 com.difrancescogianmarco.arcore_flutter_plugin.R$string
 com.difrancescogianmarco.arcore_flutter_plugin.R$style
 com.difrancescogianmarco.arcore_flutter_plugin.R$styleable
com/google/ar/core/R.java
 com.google.ar.core.R
 com.google.ar.core.R$id
 com.google.ar.core.R$layout
 com.google.ar.core.R$raw
 com.google.ar.core.R$string
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
com/google/ar/sceneform/assets/R.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.assets.R
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.java
 io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/R.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.R
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.R$anim
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.R$attr
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.R$bool
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.R$color
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.R$dimen
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.R$drawable
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.R$id
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.R$integer
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.R$interpolator
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.R$layout
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.R$raw
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.R$string
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.R$style
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.R$styleable
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
com/google/ar/sceneform/R.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.R
 com.google.ar.sceneform.R$anim
 com.google.ar.sceneform.R$attr
 com.google.ar.sceneform.R$bool
 com.google.ar.sceneform.R$color
 com.google.ar.sceneform.R$dimen
 com.google.ar.sceneform.R$drawable
 com.google.ar.sceneform.R$id
 com.google.ar.sceneform.R$integer
 com.google.ar.sceneform.R$interpolator
 com.google.ar.sceneform.R$layout
 com.google.ar.sceneform.R$raw
 com.google.ar.sceneform.R$string
 com.google.ar.sceneform.R$style
 com.google.ar.sceneform.R$styleable
com/muhammadali/example/R.java
 com.muhammadali.example.R
 com.muhammadali.example.R$anim
 com.muhammadali.example.R$attr
 com.muhammadali.example.R$bool
 com.muhammadali.example.R$color
 com.muhammadali.example.R$dimen
 com.muhammadali.example.R$drawable
 com.muhammadali.example.R$id
 com.muhammadali.example.R$integer
 com.muhammadali.example.R$interpolator
 com.muhammadali.example.R$layout
 com.muhammadali.example.R$mipmap
 com.muhammadali.example.R$raw
 com.muhammadali.example.R$string
 com.muhammadali.example.R$style
 com.muhammadali.example.R$styleable
com/google/android/filament/R.java
 com.google.android.filament.R
 com.google.android.filament.R$string
androidx/core/ktx/R.java
 androidx.core.ktx.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
